Fix reported issues (#101)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/prereqs/entities.md

{% endcapture %}
{{ entities | indent: 3 }}

> 1. Sync your changes from within the `deck_files` directory, making sure to subsitute your Konnect Personal Access Token for `konnect_token` and the control plane name for `KONNECT_CP_NAME` in the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sync your changes in the `deck_files` directory, making sure to substitute your Konnect Personal Access Token for `konnect_token` and the control plane name for `KONNECT_CP_NAME` in the command:
```
